[WIP]Server/transfer-content (#3535)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/jvm-heap-size-configuration.adoc

= Configuring the JVM Heap Size
:page-layout: classic-docs
:page-liquid:
:icons: font
:toc: macro
:toc-title:

The JVM heap size is configurable for the following containers: `frontend`, `test-results`, `output-processing` and `contexts-service`. You might want to consider increasing the heap size if you see "out of memory" errors, such as: `Terminating due to java.lang.OutOfMemoryError: Java heap space`.

== Setting up

> To be able to configure the JVM_HEAP_SIZE value for each container, you will first need to create sp,e customizations files on your services machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to configure the JVM_HEAP_SIZE value for each container, you will first need to create customizations files on your services machine.
```

1. Create customizations files:
+
```sh
/etc/circleconfig/frontend/customizations
/etc/circleconfig/test-results/customizations
/etc/circleconfig/output-processor/customizations
/etc/circleconfig/contexts-service/customizations
```

2. In each customization file add the line below to export your desired JVM heap size:
+
```sh
export JVM_HEAP_SIZE=2g
```

> 3. Stop and restart CircleCI application from the Management Console dashboard (e.g. your-circleci-hostname.com:8800)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Stop and restart CircleCI application from the Management Console dashboard (for example, your-circleci-hostname.com:8800)
```
